hi this is Diana and welcome to my
kitchen as you can see from my
chalkboard we're making an Italian style
chicken this is a really quick and easy
recipe to keep in your refrigerator you
can use it with a sandwich on a salad
with spaghetti rice anything you want
now let's get cutting okay
today I'm making sandwiches so I'm gonna
cut my chicken a little smaller now if
you're going to make it for a salad you
might want to cut it a little larger
than what I'm cutting it today or into
strips
okay now we have our chicken and I like
to pound it a little bit it also it just
makes the chicken a little bit tender
when you cook it and we didn't go over
the ingredients so I want to let you
know what I use it's very simple chicken
wishbone Italian dressing and since
we're making sandwiches I have some buns
here and some cheese to put them on now
let's go over to the fry pan and let
that get hot and then we're going to put
our chicken in soon as this gets a
little hotter
see okay
what you want to hear a sizzle
just wanna keep it we want to get this
cooked about halfway through and then we
will add the Italian seasoning
okay now it's ready to add the title
screen we want to shake this up and
since we only have about two chicken
halves breasts in here we're going to
only use about half of this
you want to keep this on high and we
want to make sure that you cook this
until the chicken is done and the
vinegar smell goes out of this out of
the Italian seasoning dressy
and in the end that this and the
seasoning gets thicker as you cook it
also okay here's a chicken and we want
this to cook down a little bit more so
that the flavors get into the chicken
right now you can see how our chicken is
down we're gonna turn it off
and see the sauce this is why it's so
good for pasta that just makes delicious
on pasta so we're gonna turn our stove
off and we're gonna go prepare a bread
for our sandwiches okay this is the way
I cut the bread for the sandwiches you
can just cut around like this and the
reason why we do this is you'll see that
it keeps the bread from the juices from
draining into the bread so you cut it
like that and then you push the bread
down into the loaf so that it keeps the
juices from draining below your sandwich
okay you can see here we made our
pockets here and now we're gonna put
some cheese on the bottom because this
also helps the sandwich stay nicer
Lucchese in each one of these now we're
gonna put our chicken in here
okay we're gonna drizzle a little sauce
on the top and then we're going to put
another slice of cheese on top of that
now we're gonna put them in the broiler
have the sandwiches out of the broiler
and now let's taste them oh it's
delicious absolutely delicious we will
try our Italian chicken and remember to
give us a thumbs up subscribe and make a
comment and remember the recipe is in
the sub bar below